docs/docs/hedgehog-engine/gamelist.md, before:

---
description: A list of games that are using Hedgehog Engine.
---
# Game List

## Hedgehog Engine
| Name                                    | Internal Name |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| Sonic Unleashed (Sonic World Adventure) | SWA           |
| Sonic Colors                            | sonic2010     |
| Sonic Generations                       | BlueBlur      |
| Sonic Lost World                        | sonic2013     |
| Sonic Colors: Ultimate\*                | Rainbow       |

\* This game also makes use of a forked version of Godot 3.

## Hedgehog Engine 2
| Game Name                                                      | Internal Name   |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games                    | unison          |
| Sonic Forces                                                   | wars            |
| Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 - The Official Video Game             | musashi         |
| Mario & Sonic at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games                  | rings           |
| (New) Sakura Wars                                              | arukas          |
| Puyo Puyo Tetris 2                                             | tenpex          |
| Sonic Origins\*                                                | hite            |
| Sonic Frontiers                                                | rangers         |
| Sonic Frontiers: Digital Art Book with Mini Digital Soundtrack | rangers_artbook |

\* This game also makes use of Retro Engine v5U.

Commit message:

Use the game's name instead of "This game"

docs/docs/hedgehog-engine/gamelist.md, after:

---
description: A list of games that are using Hedgehog Engine.
---
# Game List

## Hedgehog Engine
| Name                                    | Internal Name |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| Sonic Unleashed (Sonic World Adventure) | SWA           |
| Sonic Colors                            | sonic2010     |
| Sonic Generations                       | BlueBlur      |
| Sonic Lost World                        | sonic2013     |
| Sonic Colors: Ultimate\*                | Rainbow       |

\* Sonic Colors: Ultimate also makes use of a forked version of Godot 3.

## Hedgehog Engine 2
| Game Name                                                      | Internal Name   |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games                    | unison          |
| Sonic Forces                                                   | wars            |
| Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 - The Official Video Game             | musashi         |
| Mario & Sonic at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games                  | rings           |
| (New) Sakura Wars                                              | arukas          |
| Puyo Puyo Tetris 2                                             | tenpex          |
| Sonic Origins\*                                                | hite            |
| Sonic Frontiers                                                | rangers         |
| Sonic Frontiers: Digital Art Book with Mini Digital Soundtrack | rangers_artbook |

\* Sonic Origins also makes use of Retro Engine v5U.
