docs/docs/hedgehog-engine/rangers/files/rfl/mapping.md, before:

---
description: Defines what binary templates to use with Sonic Frontiers' RFL files
---

# RFL Binary Template Map
!!! warning
    This list is still a work in progress! Any additions and updates are greatly appreciated!

This list defines which binary templates to use specific RFL files, as well as what that file contains.

---
### AmbSoundParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ArcadeData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BakeBoxParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BakeCameraParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BakeCameraParameterData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BGMInfoParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossBitConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossCommonParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossDragonConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossGiantConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossKnightConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossRifleConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossRifleThresholdRingSupplyParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossStatusParameterBase
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossTheEndConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BulletPatternSetParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### CameraShakeTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### CaptionParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ContentParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### DecoConfigParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### DecoTechParams
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### DevConfigParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### DLCMhrBarbecueParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### DLCParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EffectRecordBaseTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EffectRecordTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ElectricLineParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyAquaballConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyAttackRecordBaseTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyAttackRecordTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyBirdConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyBommerConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyBubbleConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyDefenceRecordBaseTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyDefenceRecordTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyDefenderConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyEggRoboConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyHelicopterConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyJellymanConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyJumperConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyJumperSubConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyLaserConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyRobberConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemySniperConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyTwisterConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyUmbrellaConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyWolfConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ExtremeConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FishingParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxCloudShadowParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxDensityWindParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxDirectionalRadialBlurParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxFogParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxFXAAParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxHeightMapParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxPlanarProjectionShadowParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxSMAAParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameExpParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameGrassInteractionParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameGrindLodParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameHitStopParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameSkillParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GimmickCameraSimpleParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GismoConfigDesignData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GismoConfigPlanData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GraphicsParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### HackingEnemyParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### HeightFieldConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### IslandParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MeteorShowerParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossAshuraConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossBladeConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossChargerAttackParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossChargerCameraShake
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossChargerConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossDarumaConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossFlyerConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossSkierConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossSpiderConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossStriderConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossSumoConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossTrackerConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossTyrantConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossWarshipConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MonologueParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### NavMeshParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### NeedleFxSceneData
#### Filename Format
{stagename}.rfl
??? info "Example"
    w1r03.rfl

#### Usage
Controls the stage's scene data

### NoisePresetParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### Obj3DPuzzleBlockConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjBattingMachineConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjBirdLaserConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjBossRingSupplyConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjCGGConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjEffectDebrisParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjHackingPlayerMachineConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjHoverStoneConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjKodamaEscortParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjKodamaQuestParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjLaserMirrorConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjMowingParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjNormalFloorConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjQuestBoxParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjRotatableStatueConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjRotatableTombStoneConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjShotGunTouchParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjSkierMissileConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjStriderBulletConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjStriderGrindRailConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjStriderLaserConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjSumoPoleConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjSumoPuckConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjTheEndPlayerMachineConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjTimeBallConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjWarshipDashRingConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjWolfManagerConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### OcclusionCapsuleList
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### OffMeshLinkParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### OptionData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerCameraSetParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParamAerialFinish
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParamBehindFinish
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParamLowAltitudeJump
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParamPursuitFinish
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParamStompingFinish
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayStats
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PracticeParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### QuestCollectItemParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### QuestDarumaBattleParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### QuestDrawBridgeParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### QuestMowingParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### RecordData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ReflexesPanelParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ScriptParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### SeedParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### SequenceParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### SoundCommonParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### StandardCameraConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### StatsDataContainer
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### SwayParamIndivisual
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### TalkEventCameraPresetParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### TimeServiceParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### TornadoRingParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### UICreditParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### UIFishiGuideConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### UIMapParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### UIWireframeParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ViewSpaceOffsetRflParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### VolumeSize
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### WolfVolumeSize
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

Commit message:

Fixes some issues in cyloop guide and tweaked the overall structure

docs/docs/hedgehog-engine/rangers/files/rfl/mapping.md, after:

---
description: Defines what binary templates to use with Sonic Frontiers' RFL files
---

# RFL Binary Template Map
!!! warning
    This list is still a work in progress! Any additions and updates are greatly appreciated!

This list defines which binary templates to use specific RFL files, as well as what that file contains.

---
### AmbSoundParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ArcadeData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BakeBoxParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BakeCameraParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BakeCameraParameterData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BGMInfoParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossBitConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossCommonParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossDragonConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossGiantConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossKnightConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossRifleConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossRifleThresholdRingSupplyParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossStatusParameterBase
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BossTheEndConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### BulletPatternSetParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### CameraShakeTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### CaptionParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ContentParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### DecoConfigParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### DecoTechParams
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### DevConfigParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### DLCMhrBarbecueParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### DLCParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EffectRecordBaseTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EffectRecordTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ElectricLineParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyAquaballConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyAttackRecordBaseTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyAttackRecordTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyBirdConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyBommerConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyBubbleConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyDefenceRecordBaseTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyDefenceRecordTable
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyDefenderConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyEggRoboConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyHelicopterConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyJellymanConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyJumperConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyJumperSubConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyLaserConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyRobberConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemySniperConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyTwisterConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyUmbrellaConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### EnemyWolfConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ExtremeConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FishingParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxCloudShadowParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxDensityWindParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxDirectionalRadialBlurParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxFogParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxFXAAParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxHeightMapParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxPlanarProjectionShadowParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### FxSMAAParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameExpParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameGrassInteractionParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameGrindLodParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameHitStopParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GameSkillParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GimmickCameraSimpleParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GismoConfigDesignData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GismoConfigPlanData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### GraphicsParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### HackingEnemyParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### HeightFieldConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### IslandParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MeteorShowerParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossAshuraConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossBladeConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossChargerAttackParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossChargerCameraShake
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossChargerConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossDarumaConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossFlyerConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossSkierConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossSpiderConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossStriderConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossSumoConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossTrackerConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossTyrantConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MiniBossWarshipConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### MonologueParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### NavMeshParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### NeedleFxSceneData
#### Filename Format
{stagename}.rfl
??? info "Example"
    w1r03.rfl

#### Usage
Controls the stage's scene data

### NoisePresetParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### Obj3DPuzzleBlockConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjBattingMachineConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjBirdLaserConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjBossRingSupplyConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjCGGConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjEffectDebrisParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjHackingPlayerMachineConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjHoverStoneConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjKodamaEscortParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjKodamaQuestParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjLaserMirrorConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjMowingParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjNormalFloorConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjQuestBoxParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjRotatableStatueConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjRotatableTombStoneConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjShotGunTouchParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjSkierMissileConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjStriderBulletConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjStriderGrindRailConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjStriderLaserConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjSumoPoleConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjSumoPuckConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjTheEndPlayerMachineConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjTimeBallConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjWarshipDashRingConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ObjWolfManagerConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### OcclusionCapsuleList
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### OffMeshLinkParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### OptionData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerCameraSetParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParamAerialFinish
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParamBehindFinish
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParameters
#### Filename Format
player_common.rfl

#### Usage
Controls Sonic's physics and other player parameters, including the cyloop colour for example.

### PlayerParamLowAltitudeJump
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParamPursuitFinish
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayerParamStompingFinish
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PlayStats
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### PracticeParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### QuestCollectItemParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### QuestDarumaBattleParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### QuestDrawBridgeParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### QuestMowingParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### RecordData
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ReflexesPanelParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ScriptParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### SeedParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### SequenceParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### SoundCommonParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### StandardCameraConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### StatsDataContainer
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### SwayParamIndivisual
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### TalkEventCameraPresetParameters
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### TimeServiceParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### TornadoRingParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### UICreditParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### UIFishiGuideConfig
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### UIMapParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### UIWireframeParameter
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### ViewSpaceOffsetRflParam
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### VolumeSize
#### Filename Format

#### Usage

### WolfVolumeSize
#### Filename Format

#### Usage
