docs/discoveries/blueblur/hud/blb_gauge.md, before:

---
description: Info about an unused Time Eater gauge in Sonic Generations
---
# Unused Time Eater Gauge
There's an unused gauge that was supposed to be used in the Time Eater boss battle. The gauge is present in `bb.cpk/SonicActionCommonHud/ui_gameplay.xncp`, in the `blb_gauge` XNCP scene. Unfortunately, this gauge isn't functional in-game, and its usage also remains unknown.

Visually, this element appears to be finished, and it even features animations.

## Intro_Anim
Following the naming scheme of almost every XNCP animation made for Generations, this was supposed to be played whenever the HUD element showed up on screen. Simple slide-in animation.

<video autoplay loop muted defaultmuted playsinline>
  <source src="../assets/blb_gauge/intro_anim.webm" type="video/webm">
</video>

## change_c2g
According to the name, it was supposed to be played whenever switching from Classic to Modern Sonic, referred to as "Generic" in the game files.

<video autoplay loop muted defaultmuted playsinline>
  <source src="../assets/blb_gauge/change_c2g.webm" type="video/webm">
</video>

## change_c2w
Not sure what the "w" stands for, but seems like this was supposed to be an animation when changing to an intermediate state between Classic and Modern Sonic.

<video autoplay loop muted defaultmuted playsinline>
  <source src="../assets/blb_gauge/change_c2w.webm" type="video/webm">
</video>

## change_g2c
According to the name, it was supposed to be played whenever switching from Modern to Classic Sonic.

<video autoplay loop muted defaultmuted playsinline>
  <source src="../assets/blb_gauge/change_g2c.webm" type="video/webm">
</video>

## cl_gauge_size_1
Animation for Classic Sonic's gauge.

![cl_gauge_size_1](assets/blb_gauge/cl_gauge_size_1.gif)

## gn_gauge_size_1
Animation for Modern Sonic's gauge.

![gn_gauge_size_1](assets/blb_gauge/gn_gauge_size_1.gif)

Commit message:

Added notice about flickering elements in the recorded animations

docs/discoveries/blueblur/hud/blb_gauge.md, after:

---
description: Info about an unused Time Eater gauge in Sonic Generations
---
# Unused Time Eater Gauge
There's an unused gauge that was supposed to be used in the Time Eater boss battle. The gauge is present in `bb.cpk/SonicActionCommonHud/ui_gameplay.xncp`, in the `blb_gauge` XNCP scene. Unfortunately, this gauge isn't functional in-game, and its usage also remains unknown.

Visually, this element appears to be finished, and it even features animations. Below you can see the available animations for this element, recorded using a WIP build of [Shuriken](https://github.com/crash5band/Shuriken), which explains the flickering you see in the gauges.

## Intro_Anim
Following the naming scheme of almost every XNCP animation made for Generations, this was supposed to be played whenever the HUD element showed up on screen. Simple slide-in animation.

<video autoplay loop muted defaultmuted playsinline>
  <source src="../assets/blb_gauge/intro_anim.webm" type="video/webm">
</video>

## change_c2g
According to the name, it was supposed to be played whenever switching from Classic to Modern Sonic, referred to as "Generic" in the game files.

<video autoplay loop muted defaultmuted playsinline>
  <source src="../assets/blb_gauge/change_c2g.webm" type="video/webm">
</video>

## change_c2w
Not sure what the "w" stands for, but seems like this was supposed to be an animation when changing to an intermediate state between Classic and Modern Sonic.

<video autoplay loop muted defaultmuted playsinline>
  <source src="../assets/blb_gauge/change_c2w.webm" type="video/webm">
</video>

## change_g2c
According to the name, it was supposed to be played whenever switching from Modern to Classic Sonic.

<video autoplay loop muted defaultmuted playsinline>
  <source src="../assets/blb_gauge/change_g2c.webm" type="video/webm">
</video>

## cl_gauge_size_1
Animation for Classic Sonic's gauge.

![cl_gauge_size_1](assets/blb_gauge/cl_gauge_size_1.gif)

## gn_gauge_size_1
Animation for Modern Sonic's gauge.

![gn_gauge_size_1](assets/blb_gauge/gn_gauge_size_1.gif)
